**LIMO Token Dashboard | Terms of Use**

Effective Date: 20th April 2022

The prospective limited liability company incorporated in the United Arab Emirates that owns and operates the metaverse platform under the domain www.limoverse.io, and its affiliate Limoverse Association, a swiss entity incorporated in the form of an association ("Token Issuer"), owns and operates the related token issuing platform under the domain www.limo.lomoverse.io ("Token Offering Dashboard") (jointly "we", "us" or "our").

By accessing and using the Token Offering Dashboard or any web portals under the domain www.limoverse.io and www.limo.limoverse.io or any of its components or elements, including but not limited to Limo tokens ("Tokens"), connected smart contracts, blockchain protocols etc, you ("User", "you", or "your") acknowledge and accept these Terms of Use ("Terms") which is a legally binding agreement outlining the relationships between you and us.

## ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

1. You acknowledge and accept that by transacting in tokens, and interacting with, downloading, running or otherwise accessing the Token Offering Dashboard:
   1. You will comply with our Privacy Policy and AML, CFT &amp; KYC Policy;
   2. As an individual, you are of a minimum of 18 years of age, and hereby explicitly acknowledge and affirm the following:
      1. it is legal for you to purchase Tokens at your age;
      1. you are not a Swiss resident or resident of the countries sanctioned by the UN, US OFAC, EU;
      1. you may legally transact in the tokens issued by the Token Issuer available on the Token Offering Dashboard.
   3. You will register and open an account with us before accessing and using any of the services available on the Token Offering Dashboard.
2. You acknowledge that the Terms are subject to review and change in order to improve your experience with the Token Offering Dashboard and the Token Issuer. In the situation that we change the Terms, we shall provide you with such appropriate notice via an email to you or through a notification on the Token Offering Dashboard, or by updating the date, as "Last Updated", at the beginning of the Terms.
3. By continuing to access or use the Token Offering Dashboard, you acknowledge and accept the revised Terms and any additional terms incorporated into the Terms therein by reference. We strongly urge you to regularly review the Terms in order to ensure that you are aware of them when you access or use the Token Offering Dashboard. If you do not agree to the revised Terms, you may not access or use the Token Offering Dashboard.
4. By accessing and using the Token Offering Dashboard and/or the Tokens, you confirm that you do so in good faith, that the resources you use are obtained by legitimate means and utilised in compliance with your local legislation and the Terms. You acknowledge that you are doing so in good faith, with awareness of the Terms, and in compliance with the requirements of the Terms and your local legislation.

## USER ACCOUNT REGISTRATION

1. You can only access the Token Offering Dashboard and its features if you have created a user account on the Token Offering Dashboard. All actions that are taken by the User on the Token Offering Dashboard or the user account are subject to the terms and conditions herein. Upon registration, you must provide your username, email address and mobile number, and accept these Terms, the Privacy Policy, and other rules as may be applicable. We may refuse, at our discretion, to open a user account for You. You agree to provide complete and accurate information when opening the user account and agree to timely update any information You provide to us to maintain the integrity and accuracy of the information. Each user account is uniquely tied to the identity of the individual that successfully opens a user account. Each individual may not hold more than one user account. Also, Users may not hold or use user accounts for and on behalf of other Users or individuals. The username chosen by the User may be publicly displayed on the Token Offering Dashboard and it is advisable that such username does not contain or consist of the User&#39;s personally identifiable information. The registered username can be changed, updated or amended by the User at any point in time.
2. Your registration of a user account will be deemed your agreement to provide required personal information for identity verification. Such information will be used to verify Users&#39; identity, and identify traces of money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud and other financial crimes through the Token Offering Dashboard or connected web portals, or for other lawful purposes stated by us. We will collect, use and share such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, particularly with our affiliates that provide services through the Token Offering Dashboard. In addition to providing such information, you agree to allow us to keep a record of that information during the period for which your account is active and for a defined period after your account is closed in compliance with the applicable data protection laws and other regulations.
3. AFTER REGISTRATION, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT THE INFORMATION IS TRUE, COMPLETE, AND TIMELY UPDATED WHEN CHANGED. IF THERE ARE ANY GROUNDS FOR BELIEVING THAT ANY OF THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDED IS INCORRECT, FALSE, OUTDATED OR INCOMPLETE, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO SEND YOU A NOTICE TO DEMAND CORRECTION, DIRECTLY DELETE THE RELEVANT INFORMATION, AND, AS THE CASE MAY BE, TERMINATE ALL OR PART OF THE SERVICES WE PROVIDE FOR YOU. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO REACH YOU WITH THE CONTACT INFORMATION YOU PROVIDED, YOU SHALL BE FULLY LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR EXPENSE CAUSED TO US DURING YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES. YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE THE OBLIGATION TO UPDATE ALL THE INFORMATION IF THERE IS ANY CHANGE.
4. BY REGISTERING A USER ACCOUNT, YOU HEREBY AUTHORISE US TO CONDUCT INVESTIGATIONS THAT WE CONSIDER NECESSARY, EITHER DIRECTLY OR THROUGH A THIRD PARTY, TO VERIFY YOUR IDENTITY OR PROTECT YOU, OTHER USERS AND/OR US FROM FRAUD OR OTHER FINANCIAL CRIMES, AND TO TAKE NECESSARY ACTIONS BASED ON THE RESULTS OF SUCH INVESTIGATIONS. YOU ALSO ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE DISCLOSED TO CREDIT BUREAUS AND AGENCIES FOR FRAUD PREVENTION OR FINANCIAL CRIME PREVENTION, WHICH MAY RESPOND TO OUR INVESTIGATIONS IN FULL.

## PURCHASE OF TOKENS

1. Users can buy Tokens sold by the Token Issuer on the Token Offering Dashboard ("Token Purchase"). If a User makes a Token Purchase, the Token bought by the User is automatically added to the Account within the Token Offering Dashboard of the User. By accepting these Terms, the User acknowledges that the value of the Token (if any) may fluctuate over a period of time. Any Tokens purchased shall be stored in the User&#39;s private wallet subject to the concerned wallet terms.
2. To make a Token Purchase, the User can use any of the means of payments that are made available to the User on the Token Offering Dashboard. By selecting a payment method that is offered by a third-party payment provider, the User agrees to the terms of use of that payment provider and accepts any Fees that apply to the transactions. Any Fees will be added to the purchase price paid by the User.
3. The User understands and acknowledges that Token Purchases cannot be cancelled after submission and that all payments (including Fees) are final and non-refundable. The User does not have the right to request a refund for any reason once the transaction is completed.
4. We may, at any time and in our sole discretion, refuse or interrupt any purchase request, order or other request relating to the Tokens, impose limits on the amounts of purchases that can be completed, on a periodic basis or otherwise, or impose any other conditions or restrictions upon your participation on the Token Offering Dashboard or your use of the related services and features, without prior notice. For example, we may: (a) limit the number of orders that you can place (b) restrict transaction requests from certain locations; or (c) restrict transactions if there is a reasonable suspicion of fraud, diminished capacity, inappropriate or illegal activity, including but not limited to market abuse, or if we have reasonable suspicion that your ownership of some or all of the Tokens is in dispute.

## DISCLAIMER AND RISKS

1. We are still developing the Token Offering Dashboard and its functions, which is why there is a possibility that you may experience delivery delays with regards to the Tokens, software deficiencies, and/or bugs.
2. We will not be held responsible for any third-party software you may use in order to access and use the Tokens on the Token Offering Dashboard depending on the blockchain technologies involved, and the wallets existing therein.
3. It is pertinent for you to note that the following risks exist in purchasing the Token. You acknowledge and understand that we do not guarantee that the following risks are inclusive of all possible risks:
   1. Early-development stage technology: The Tokens are created and distributed by using blockchain or distributed ledger technology. This technology is relatively new compared to traditionally traded technology such as stocks and shares, and is highly experimental; therefore, during your participation in token sales, risks are involved as you go further. We do sometimes use software(s), new technologies, and/or new business methods that are, therefore, in the early development stage and unproven to be wholly safe. The software, technologies, and business method(s) being used by us could therefore be found to be unfit for their intended purpose and/or not work as effectively or as well as anticipated, in a possible unforeseen and unintended eventuality.
   2. Protocol-related risks: We use the Ethereum blockchain protocol (ERC20, BEP2 and BEP20) to develop our Tokens. The Token Offering Dashboard and the Tokens related to this protocol could possibly be adversely affected by any malfunction, dysfunction, or abandonment of such protocol. Further, the protocol could possibly be rendered less valuable or valueless due to advances in cryptography or other technology.
   3. Unproven software(s) and technologies: The Tokens use software(s) and other technologies that could be in the early development stage and unproven, and there is usually no warranty for the process of receiving, using, accessing, and owning such tokens and virtual coins being uninterrupted or free of error(s). Such software and other technology could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities, or bugs that could cause serious problems, including but not limited to the inability to use tokens or virtual coins and the partial or complete loss of tokens or virtual coins.
   4. Blockchain mining attacks: Any token that uses systems with a blockchain base that is dependent on independent miners may have mine attacks, including but not limited to double-spend attacks, race condition attacks, majority mining power attacks, and/or "selfish-mining" attacks. Any such successful attack(s) presents various risks to the Tokens hereof.
   5. Volatility: The Token Issuer may choose to store or convert the Tokens into one or more fiat and/or alternative cryptocurrencies. Serious problems could occur in the making and managing of such cryptocurrencies and/or funds, including difficulties pertaining to a lack of ready convertibility between fiat currencies, cryptocurrencies, and tokens, or pertaining to such dealings through the traditional market intermediaries and counterparties. If the cryptocurrency value fluctuates in an unfavourable manner during or after a token sale, the Token Issuer may not be able to fund the development or be able to develop or maintain the technology platform (i.e., the Limoverse) that enables such use of the Tokens as such platforms intended to. Apart from the usual market forces, the risk of unfavourable fluctuation in the cryptocurrencies&#39; value could be affected by another attack similar to DAO on the Ethereum network, due to security incidents or market irregularities at one or more major crypto exchanges, or by unforeseeable events, at the present stage.
   6. Losing your credentials: In case your crypto-wallet credentials are lost or stolen, the Tokens purchased by you will be lost permanently. A private key, or a combination of private keys, is required by you to control and dispose of the Tokens stored in your own crypto wallet. Losing such private key(s) will result in you losing such Tokens. Any third party may be able to steal your Tokens if they have access to your private key(s), even by acquiring your login credentials of a hosted wallet service used by you. Additionally, if your crypto wallet fails or malfunctions due to any reason, including your own failure to appropriately use or maintain it, could potentially lead to the loss of your Tokens. If you fail to correctly follow the relevant and appropriate procedures for any Token sale documentation for not only buying but also receiving tokens, including providing incorrect wallet address(es) or an address that is not ERC compatible could potentially lead to the loss of your Tokens.
   7. Cybercrime(s): Crypto-tokens are inherently subject to the risk of cybercrime(s), which is currently difficult to prevent at this stage of early development. The software(s) used in any aspect related to the Tokens could be hacked, which could result in a potential inability to use, or an outright loss of some, or all token assets. The Token Issuer is not necessarily required to insure their Token assets and could potentially find it impossible to do so due to the current given commercial conditions for such insurance.
   8. Abandonment or failure: Any aspect of any crypto token abandoned or requiring restructuring, may become or remain unsuccessful commercially or technologically, or be shut due to several reasons, including but not limited to a lack of public interest, changes in statute, regulation, or other laws, a lack of finance or general commercial success due to other similar competing projects. There is no affirmation that the Tokens you acquire will have the expected value, or any value at all, at any point in time that you choose to use them. You are therefore naturally and subsequently required to understand and accept that such ownership and use of the Tokens involves high risk, and cannot be exchanged or redeemed with us in return for fiat currency or alternative cryptocurrencies.
   9. Regulatory risk(s): The sale, purchase and/or use of the Tokens could be prohibited by applicable securities law(s). The impossibility of existing regulations being applied, or new regulations which may be enacted, affect blockchain technology applications and the sale, purchase and/or use of cryptocurrency tokens or virtual coins in such a way that the Tokens could be affected negatively, therefore requiring them to be modified or discontinued, while potentially resulting in the loss of the Tokens or their values.
   10. No statutory protection: The tokens hereof do not represent deposits and are not subject to any statutory insurance or guarantees. In the event of our insolvency, there will be no protection in place to allow the recovery of losses.
   11. Poor management: All decisions regarding products and/or services of the Token Issuer or associated or related parties are usually made internally by such entity or associated or related parties. Token purchasers do not have governance rights in such entities or parties. Such decisions have the potential to adversely affect the token&#39;s platform where they are intended to be used and/or the utility of any such tokens owned by you. Token Issuer is subject to the normal legal, accounting, and tax standards, and is operated by persons with varying degrees of business experience which may not necessarily be sufficient.
   12. Lack of oversight: Token offerings hereof are unstructured and/or unintended as an offer of securities or a promotion, invitation, or solicitation for investment purposes. The Token sales are not subject to the offering requirements which apply to traditionally traded securities, including legal standards for prospectuses or other such documentation. Investing in unregulated tokens does not involve independent review or oversight mandated by law for securities offerings, and the Token Issuer&#39;s accounts may not be subject to audit requirements.

## SECURING YOUR ACCESS

1. You accept and agree that the blockchain elements of the Token Offering Dashboard such as the Tokens require you to use third parties&#39; products. It is your sole responsibility to secure your access to your required third party devices, your wallet as well as the Tokens. You should protect your security key(s), password(s), email or phone number and such credentials in order to prevent your access to the Token Offering Dashboard and/or the Tokens from being compromised. We shall not be held responsible for your negligence, and you acknowledge that such transactions authorised by criminals are irreversible and final. If your account is in violation of the Terms, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Token Offering Dashboard. The termination of your account or loss of your access to the Token Offering Dashboard and/or Token due to your negligence and disregard of information technology security practices will be conducted nonetheless by us accordingly. We can not be responsible for the loss of your Tokens. Our liability is limited by the gross negligence or fraud on our side, and we are not liable for any loss or damage to you or any third party arising from your actions, inactions and/or failures to comply with the Terms.

## CHANGES

1. Any significant change in the Terms cannot occur sooner than 30 days after the changed version of the Terms is made available on the Token Offering Dashboard. Kindly check the notifications regarding the Terms and any changes therein as and when required periodically. If you disagree with the changed version of the Terms, kindly refrain from accessing and using the Token Offering Dashboard and the Token.

## LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION

THE FOLLOWING SECTION ON LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION APPLIES TO EVERY PART OF THESE TERMS

1. THE TOKEN ISSUER AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL ONLY BE LIABLE TO THE USER FOR DAMAGES CAUSED BY GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILFUL MISCONDUCT. THE LIABILITY FOR SLIGHT NEGLIGENCE, INDIRECT DAMAGES AS WELL AS FOR AUXILIARY PERSONS IS EXCLUDED. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE TOKEN OFFERING DASHBOARD AND ANY OF ITS FEATURES IN RESPECT OF ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OF AN INDIVIDUAL USER EXCEED ONE HUNDRED (100) EUROS.
2. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER US, NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATE THEREOF NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES OR CONTENT (INCLUDING THE TECHNOLOGY SERVICE PROVIDERS) WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS, OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR CONTENT, OR FROM ANY COMMUNICATIONS, INTERACTIONS, OR MEETINGS WITH OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICES OR PERSONS WITH WHOM YOU COMMUNICATE OR INTERACT AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
3. To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, you hereby agree to waive all rights and assert any claims under the applicable laws, regulations and rules and you may make claims based only on these Terms.
4. To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, you shall indemnify, defend, and hold the Token Issuer and its affiliates or its officers, directors, employees and representatives ("Indemnified Entities") harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, suits, actions, demands, proceedings, expenses, and/or liabilities (including but not limited to reasonable legal fees incurred and/or those necessary to successfully establish the right to indemnification) filed/incurred by you or any third party against any of the Indemnified Entities arising out of a breach of any warranty, representation, or obligation by you hereunder.

## INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND CONTENT RULES

1. The Token Issuer and its affiliates/vendors own the title, and all the Intellectual Property Rights related to the Token Offering Dashboard and the Token, which constitute its image(s), graphic(s), depiction(s), audio(s), video(s) and overall "look and feel".
2. The Token and the Token Offering Dashboard contains proprietary information that is copyright-protected.
3. You are prohibited from copying, modifying, renting, leasing, loaning, selling, distributing, performing, displaying or creating Derivative Works based on the Token Offering Dashboard, wholly or partly.
4. You are prohibited from recreating the image(s), graphic(s), depiction(s), audio(s), video(s) and overall "look and feel" of the Token Offering Dashboard and the Token by utilising its designs, IT solutions, data, operations, internal documents ("the Solution"). The Solution is owned by the Token Issuer, protected by the copyright, international conventions and applicable laws.
5. You acknowledge and agree that any comments, ideas, and feedback you provide us with, is a part of our intellectual property rights, and therefore, we may use such comments, ideas, and feedback without any remuneration to you.
6. You are prohibited from:
   1. distributing, sharing or making available any content that violates these rules or your local legislations which includes but is not limited to infringing copyrights, offensive, violent or hate inducing, and/or encouraging criminal behaviour;
   2. distributing or assisting in the distribution of any form of software with destructive and or fraudulent nature, such as spyware, malware, ransomware including but not limited to: viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, exploits;
   3. engaging in identity fraud or impersonations of any kind;
   4. violating another User&#39;s privacy in any form or manner;
   5. promoting or conspiring to engage in any illegal activity, including but not limited to money laundering, and/or instituting unauthorised financial services;
   6. creating distractions to alter another user&#39;s positive experience on the Token Offering Dashboard, and/or with the Token;
   7. using the Token and/or the Token Offering Dashboard in unauthorised commercial enterprises;
   8. creating and distributing unauthorised marketing campaigns and advertisements such as junk email, spam, and other forms of conducting so;
   9. reverse engineering or modifying the Token Offering Dashboard and the Tokens;
   10. deleting the Token Offering Dashboard and/or the Token&#39;s copyrights and trademarks;
   11. stalking, harassing, suggesting sex, engaging in inappropriate conduct with other users;
   12. using software and hardware in order to retrieve user data from the Token Offering Dashboard, and our socials to use the data in unlawful activities;
   13. cheating competition by utilising software and hardware providing unjust advantages to yourself or your co-conspirators;
   14. creating false accounts;
   15. gaining unauthorised access to other user&#39;s accounts, wallets, and/or Tokens;
   16. copying the Token Offering Dashboard and the Token.
   17. Completed transaction(s) on the Token Offering Dashboard assigns the rights to sell and display the Token only. No other rights including commercialization can be reassigned.

## EXTERNAL RESOURCES

1. While you browse/access the Token Offering Dashboard links to external resources might pop up. Access and use these cautiously as they are beyond the purview of our control. You acknowledge and accept that we cannot be held responsible for any failure(s) of the damage(s) caused by the third-party resource(s) and software(s). You acknowledge and accept that we will not be held responsible for any failure(s) of your hardware used while you access and use the Token Offering Dashboard/Token.

## SUPPORT SERVICES

1. We may provide you with support services that are required to access and utilize the Token Offering Dashboard as provided in the Terms. All support services are provided on a best-effort basis. We do not guarantee that the support services will be available to you or that your issue will be solved by us.

## TERMINATION

1. You may terminate your account on the Token Offering Dashboard whenever you choose to. You may request that we deactivate or delete/close your account on the Token Offering Dashboard at any time by contacting our customer support centre at mail@limoverse.io
2. We may terminate or suspend your access and use of the Token Offering Dashboard and connected social media without any prior notice. Any breach of the Terms or any prohibited activity you carry out would result in the immediate suspension of your Account. To that effect, we will also block and delete any infringing content and enforce legal action upon you.

## WAIVER; SEVERABILITY

1. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the User waives the right to participate in a class-action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration against the Token Issuer and its affiliates, the third-party technology service providers, or any individual or entity involved in the Token Offering or Token Offering Dashboard operations as provided herein.
2. Our failure to enforce these Terms or to assert any rights, claims or causes of action against you under these Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of our right to assert any rights, claims or causes of action against you.
3. If any provision is found to be illegal, void or unenforceable, then such provision shall be severable from these Terms without affecting the validity or enforceability of any remaining part of that provision or these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.

## GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

1. These Terms shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Zug, Switzerland.
2. We prefer to solve your requests in direct contact with you and therefore do not participate in alternative consumer dispute resolution proceedings. If you would like to raise any complaint or dispute, we invite you to bring the matter to our attention by contacting us at mail@limoverse.io and legal@limoverse.io.
3. A Party shall give prompt written notice of any dispute to the other Party (a "Dispute Notice"). Such Dispute Notice will include sufficient details of the dispute to enable the other Party to consider its position in relation to the dispute.
4. You agree that any dispute, claim, or controversy between you and us arising in connection with or relating in any way to these Terms or to your relationship with us as a user of the Token Offering Dashboard or any of our related services (whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and whether the claims arise during or after the termination of these Terms) will be determined by mandatory final and binding individual (not class) arbitration. You and us further agree that the arbitrator shall have the exclusive power to rule on his or her own jurisdiction, including without limitation any objections with respect to the existence, scope or validity of the Agreement to Arbitrate, or to the arbitrability of any claim or counterclaim. The arbitration will be administered by the International Court of Arbitration of the ICC. Unless the parties agree otherwise, there shall be only one arbitrator appointed in accordance with the ICC Rules. Any arbitration will be conducted in the English language unless otherwise required by a mandatory law of a member state of the European Union or any other jurisdiction. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are based. ANY ARBITRATION AGAINST US MUST BE COMMENCED BY FILING A REQUEST FOR ARBITRATION WITHIN SIX MONTHS, AFTER THE DATE THE PARTY ASSERTING THE CLAIM FIRST KNOWS OR REASONABLY SHOULD KNOW OF THE ACT, OMISSION OR DEFAULT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM; AND THERE SHALL BE NO RIGHT TO ANY REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIM NOT ASSERTED WITHIN THAT TIME PERIOD. THIS SIX MONTHS LIMITATION PERIOD IS INCLUSIVE OF THE INTERNAL DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURE SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION. THERE SHALL BE NO RIGHT TO ANY REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIM NOT ASSERTED WITHIN THAT TIME PERIOD. If applicable law prohibits a six-month limitation period for asserting claims, any claim must be asserted within the shortest time period permitted by applicable law. No appeal shall be made against the arbitrator&#39;s decisions, and the parties expressly waive their right to do so. The seat of the arbitration shall be Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The location of any in-person arbitration hearing shall be Dubai, United Arab Emirates unless otherwise agreed to by the parties.
5. Each Party agrees to use its best endeavours to settle any dispute amicably between the Parties within a period of 30 days from the date of the Dispute Notice.
6. For European Users, the European Commission provides you with another option for raising a dispute via an online dispute resolution platform, which you can access [HERE](https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main/index.cfm).
7. Notwithstanding any dispute or reference of certain disputes (or part of certain disputes) for determination by arbitration pursuant to this clause, the Parties will continue to comply with their respective obligations under these Terms.

## CONTACT INFORMATION

1. You can submit feedback, comments, and suggestions for improvements to the Services by reaching out to us on social media or support channels. This Feedback is a form of User Generated Content. Alternatively, you may email Customer Support at mail@limoverse.io.
2. For any questions or concerns regarding these Terms, you may contact us using the following details:

Attention: Legal/Compliance Officer, Limoverse

Correspondence Address: Baarerstrasse 141, 6300 Zug, Switzerland

Email ID: legal@limoverse.io
